The Path of Janell
------------------

The eldest race, its life's blood withdrawn by Man's hand, lies in wait to spill the blood of the sinful fathers' sons.


Old Testament
-------------

The world awakens after centuries of slumber, but threats abound on all sides.

A man who controls the destiny of three powerful leaders prepares waves of destruction to crush his opponent in their neverending struggle...

A man of science, consumed by his own power, slays natural wonders to birth unnatural ones...

A healer killed by his own compassion spreads pestilence across the land, and he who once blessed the sick now sickens the blessed...

A wearer of a thousand masks finally achieves his goal, going forth into the valley of death, laying waste to Man’s artifice and reaping its bounty for himself alone...

Horsemen they may not be, but a threat to the world they most certainly pose.


Cid's Code
----------

The wheel of history rolls on.

The son of God's most trusted servant betrays him and falls from grace, choosing to rule in hell rather that serve in heaven. Waging war against his kingdom, his words sway one third to fight for revolution, but one third opposes them, and one third stands aside.

But each revolution is not always the same.

This time, Christ's nemesis fights on the side of the devil, and the kingdom of God cannot stand.


Hindu Tantras
-------------

The Goddess sends visions to the ten who join together seeking sahasrara cakra. As one, they learn the truth and find means to shatter the impurities of their enemies. But divided, kundalini remains coiled and the cloak of darkness cannot be pierced.

[Kundalini is seen as the evolutionary energy as power/ force resting at the base of the spinal column where it is described as being coiled three and a half times around svayambhu linga. When kundalini is raised up through the sushumna nadi the higher levels of consciousness are experienced as the cakras are activated until kundalini reaches sahasrara cakra in order to be united with Shiva, the end of journey. This can be a terrifying experience. Swami Satyananda (1985, p. 119) gives a basic kundalini experience as kundalini (known also as 'the serpent power') arises thus: 

"The serpent power is filled with divine powers at the time of awakening; when aroused it remains in an angry mood; in its waking, the state of the individual self is suppressed; in that state, the force moves unobstructed. At the time of its awakening, visions of gods are seen; visions of spirits are seen; the past is seen, impurities are visualized." 

Furthermore when kundalini merges in sahasrara "great peace and contentment are experienced; the sadhaka feels full within; no desires remain; no actions remain; no attachment, no sentiments" (ibid., p. 120). Avalon (1975, pp. 282-283) describes what follows thus: 

"After union with Shiva, kundalini makes Her return journey. After She has repeatedly gone to Him, She makes a journey from which, at the will of the yogi, there is no return. Then the sadhaka is a jivanmukta." (note 6).]

[Thus, the above prophecy indicates that the parties can unite their minds seeking a kundalini experience to achieve a sort of tranquil state, with which they can harness empty magic to pierce the impurities in Noj & Sitruc's amulets. But the journey is difficult, and they will have many challenges in their collective vision as the angry serpent drives them forward. As they touch the Astral Plane, they will see visions of gods and spirits (the Arcane Order), the past (Jack's wife & Matt's sister), and finally they will be at the perfect state where they can shatter the amulets by visualizing their impurities.]
